It will be today
Today
By the way, today is today Today is one thing I want to do and introduce my friends
Kit be human
This is
Living
I studied abroad from a good font from this one
Ishimura Ishimura 8 Salaam Hayatsu is
I and say how many did not come out today by saying Innovation
Well you are selling here
I would like to open a piercing
Everyone's going to go, I 'm almost open, but here's one here, but now it's already
I think the one I should to open here
It is this
Ya one second game
About 1000 yen
But I was able to save just a little for 600 yen with only two tracks .
I went- I think I will not give up as soon
Follow
I broke it right away, but if I put it, I did not go in the scene
I want to see you
Even if I tried to this is hanging another way or Athearn
Then
I feel Ekikita has am Truly saved's a while to hear
Armor love
Yossha I do not know probably never mind permanent è±magico
First you put the issues community Miyane properly
Set in the open place Snow
Cash register stair
Oh you You're mechanism write such as straight
I do not hurt
It is
I think I'm The phase-want anymore to wait a little
Tteyuu do I Teru Zette
It is wrong
Yes
Not a case where there is any thing Tteyuu
He got another one and now everyone is mini
I would like to say that I can open it to my skin
I 'm going against
But yeah
Pain alone
Yeah it's a moment It's really in
When raising
Yes Well Well it is panda large Ne'otto like a child
So
But I think that there is also there that everyone afraid Itteyuu image I do this not at all hurt
Please try by all means not go Please try it Well fashionable
I would like the end like I thought people towards the only'm ne video, is not it around here around here and
Channel registration Thank you
Five